C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\Lab3.exe
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\Lab3.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.Compatibility.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\Utilities.dll
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\Utilities.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.xml
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.Compatibility.xml
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.xml
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.exe
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.MainWindow.resources
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\Lab3.exe
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\Lab3.pdb
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.Compatibility.dll
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.dll
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\Utilities.dll
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\Utilities.pdb
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.xml
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.Compatibility.xml
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.xml
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.MainWindow.resources
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.exe
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.pdb
C:\Users\GNZNotebook\Documents\Uns\Grafica\Nico\cg-master\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.exe
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.pdb
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\Lab3.exe
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\Lab3.pdb
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.Compatibility.dll
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.dll
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\Utilities.dll
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\Utilities.pdb
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.xml
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.Compatibility.xml
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.xml
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.MainWindow.resources
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\grafica\Desktop\cg-master\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\Lab3.exe
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\Lab3.pdb
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.Compatibility.dll
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.dll
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\Utilities.dll
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\Utilities.pdb
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.xml
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.Compatibility.xml
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.xml
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.exe
c:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.pdb
C:\Users\Winbug\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\PracticosCG\Lab3\obj\x86\Debug\Lab3.Lab3.resources
